docs: document aibom cli enrich flag (#1535)
snyk/user-docs: developer-tools/snyk-cli/commands/aibom-test.md

Example: `$ snyk aibom test --json-file-output=results.json`

### `--enriched`

> **Optional**. When enabled, runs additional slower enrichment steps on the AI-BOM before the policy test.

Reviewer: Same reword as on `aibom.md`, keeping the *before the policy test* scope-of-effect for this command:

```suggestion
**Optional**. Runs extra enrichment on the AI-BOM before the policy test to produce a more complete inventory. This mode is slower than the default.
```
